update: extend communications framework (#81)
thoth-tech/handbook: docs/communication/communication.md

# Communication <!-- omit in toc -->

> - [Guidelines](#guidelines)

Reviewer: **suggestion:** There is one section under this page hence I don't think TOC is needed. WDYT?

## Guidelines

1. All announcements to Thoth Tech general channel only
2. Use channels for all general to major discussion
3. Use chat / direct message for private or personal discussion

> 4. Use GitHub PRs for feedback on code or documentation

Reviewer: **nitpick:** According to the (draft) writing [guideline](https://github.com/thoth-tech/handbook/pull/75/files#diff-71243a89338f61a3a026b803479725353845d719f90cfce1b8ddd117764ff4efR146), we should use expanding version of acronyms on the first appearance. In fact, there is no need for acronyms in this case.

```suggestion
4. Use GitHub Pull Requests for feedback on code or documentation
```

5. Use Trello for planning and assigning tasks
6. Use meetings for synchronous discussion _(for private channels, record and store the meeting in the channel files)_
7. Use whiteboard tools (Miro or MS) to collaborate in meetings

For more information:

- [Professional communication](docs/../professional-communication.md#professional-communication)
- [Fearless feedback](docs/../fearless-feedback.md#fearless-feedback)
- [Shoutouts](/docs/communication/fearless-feedback.md#shoutouts)

> - [Writing Style Guide](README.md) <!-- TBC -->

Reviewer: **suggestion:** There seems to be a mix of reference methods.

```suggestion
- [Professional communication](professional-communication.md)
- [Fearless feedback](fearless-feedback.md)
- [Shoutouts](fearless-feedback.md#shoutouts)
- Writing Style Guide
```
